rechtsanwaltandco.eu

Litigation in Switzerland
Our attorneys in Switzerland offer legal representation before the local courts of justice.

Permits/licences
Certain business sectors require special permits and licenses. Find here the list of industries which require these permits.

Open company
In a case you need assistance in forming a company in Switzerland, you can rely on our team.

Tax advise/Planning
If you need to minimize your taxes, our consultants are in your disposal.

The way to your goals

First Step
You can choose the most suitbale service
Our specialist will form individual conditions by your request
When your documentation is studied you will get the most comfortable offers

Second step
Our legal company will offer you the most effective methods and legal support
Our experts will help you prepare the documents for the deal, and will also act on your behalf in negotiations with a third party.

Third step
We will advocate for your interests in every negotiation
In order for our deal to be comfortable for you, we will agree on the most comfortable conditions for your business.

Fourth step
You get the result
You will receive only a positive result under your contract

YOUR NEW BENEFITS
- Comfort for you
- Get new opportunities in your business
- Invest in real estate, being able to get your funds back after the due date
- Open the doors of European business for yourself

INVESTMENT PROPOSALS
Switzerland is one of the most prosperous countries in Europe and it provides great investment opportunities to foreign enterprisers. However, in order to run a successful business, investors will require the expertise of a Swiss law firm to guide them through the legal system of the country and help them make the right decision. Our legal team in Switzerland is comprised of lawyers and accountants ready to provide support and business consultancy in all corporate and civil matters.

Our Swiss lawyers provide legal services in civil matters such as obtaining residency and opening bank accounts. Our Swiss legal team will also offer representation in civil lawsuits whenever needed and can provide consultancy in debt recovery matters. For those interested in acquiring real estate properties, we can help them with the due diligence process before the purchase, drafting the sale-purchase contract and with the procedure of property registration with the Swiss Land Registry. Our Swiss attorneys will help clients in obtaining the special licenses and permits required by the authorities.


Services

LEGAL SERVICES IN SWITZERLAND
Our team of Swiss lawyers can offer in-depth legal assistance on the characteristics of each business form that can be set up here and can explain the advantages of operating under a specific entity. When choosing the right legal entity, factors such as the size of the future company, the initial investment investors can make, the residency of the founders and others have to be considered.  Investors can choose from the following business forms:

sole trader – it represents the simplest way to start a business in Switzerland and in order to register it, the applicant must have the status of Swiss resident;
general/limited partnership – a type of business form that has to be incorporated by at least two partners, who must register the entity with the local Commercial Registry and the Chamber of Commerce;
joint-stock corporation – a business form that is usually selected by large companies;
limited liability company – the most common business form selected for incorporation, due to a set of advantages offered to the company’s founders.
Besides these business forms, investors may also operate in this country through a branch office or a subsidiary and the decision should be based on the liability the parent company wants to assume for its new office in Switzerland. Our law firm in Switzerland can assist foreign and local investors with extensive information on the benefits of these two business structures.

One of the first steps that should be completed after deciding on a suitable legal form is the company’s trading name. Although most of the names are generally acceptable, it is necessary to respect several regulations. In this sense, a businessman can’t incorporate a company with a trading name that is already used by another business registered in this country.

Another important regulation is to add next to the selected trading name the abbreviation of the type of company under which the business will be registered. Although most of the Swiss legal entities can freely choose a trading name, this is not the case for the Swiss branch office, as they must be represented by the name of their parent company.

In order to verify if a specific company name is available, it is necessary to access the database of the Federal Commercial Registry Office. The database, the Central Business Name Index, is available online. After the procedures related to the issuance of a trading name are completed, the investors have to register the legal entity and its name with the Commercial Register, a compulsory step during the registration of a company.

Further on, a legal entity that is designed for commercial purposes is required to register for taxation. The tax system in Switzerland varies depending on the canton in which the company is set up; it will also be necessary to obtain business permits and licenses, which are available for a wide range of business activities, such as insurance, banking, accommodation industry and catering businesses of all types and others.

FILL OUT THE FEEDBACK FORM AND OUR SPECIALIST WILL CONTACT YOU
Or you can write to us on our mail mail@rechtsanwaltandco.eu
Name Phone Communication - Call - WhatsApp - Telegram - Viber
Send a request


ACCOUNTING SERVICE
The financial industry is one of the most important contributors to the Swiss economy and one of its most developed branches is banking. There are many banks operating here among which the vast majority is made of local financial institutions. However, there are also many foreign banks, including from Western countries offering their services to local and foreign clients. These usually operate through branch offices in Switzerland.

In the case of local banks, there is the National Bank, but also cantonal banks with which natural persons and companies can open accounts with. It is not uncommon for people to prefer to work with banks in the Swiss cantons they live in.

Those who want to open a bank account in Switzerland can choose between small and large financial institutions, which is why this country is preferred by many entrepreneurs but also private individuals who want to keep their assets in one of the most famous financial destinations in the world.

If you have questions related to how to choose a bank to open an account with, our Swiss lawyers are at your service with information and tips on how to decide.

FILL OUT THE FEEDBACK FORM AND OUR SPECIALIST WILL CONTACT YOU
Or you can write to us on our mail mail@rechtsanwaltandco.eu
Name Phone Communication - Call - WhatsApp - Telegram - Viber
Send a request

BUSINESS IN EUROPE
Our fully-fledged Corporate Services Team is dedicated to providing all a comprehensive range of company management services under one roof including company formation, company secretarial, back office administration services, tax compliance, accounting and auditing services.

Accounting & Tax Services. Accurate, timely and cost effective accounting, bookkeeping and financial services.
Office Management Services. Independently performing full set of company secretarial duties.
Registered Office Services. A Registered Office is the address where all the statutory documents pertaining to your company are kept.
Business Advisory Services. Advisory Services combines the strengths of global reach and local relationships to deliver solutions to your business needs.
Business Documents Services. Quality legal forms, business documents, contracts and agreements for your business.
Company Relocation Services. Company Relocating means a new start. Not all new starts need to be painful.
Property Services. Residential or commercial property acquisition, sale and lease
Recruitment & Payroll Services. Full-service Human Resource management including recruitment and payroll administration.
Trademarks & Branding Services. International branding strategy and consulting, trademark protection and enforcement.
Translation & Legalisation Services. Translation, Notarisation and Certifying (Apostille) of documents
Licensing Services. Whether you will need to obtain permits or licenses depends on the nature of your business.

FILL OUT THE FEEDBACK FORM AND OUR SPECIALIST WILL CONTACT YOU
Or you can write to us on our mail mail@rechtsanwaltandco.eu
Name Phone Communication - Call - WhatsApp - Telegram - Viber
Send a request


INVESTMENT IN REAL ESTATE and All offers

House, 200 m2, Riddes, Valais
Located in a quiet and residential area, in the heart of a very promising region of the canton of Valais, this property will seduce you with its typology and its quality finishes.
$940,000 CHF

House and land, 130.00 m2/481.00 m2, Pringy, Canton of Fribourg
Located in a quiet and residential area, close to public transport, in the heart of a very promising region of the canton of Fribourg, this property will seduce you with its typology and its quality finishes.
$1,090,000 CHF

Three houses and land, Luins, Vaud
We present you the opportunity to acquire and renovate this beautiful little old hamlet comprising three houses, various farm buildings, vineyards, farmland and a forest, in total 12.9 hectares.
$3,700,000 CHF

House, 160.00 m2, Quartino, Ticino
5.5-room detached house located in a quiet and sunny position in Quartino. The house is divided into 3 floors, on the ground floor with an atrium leading to the living area and the kitchen
$930,000 CHF

House, 140.00 m2, Ardon, Valais, Address available on request
This building will offer you a rare standard for this quality and price ratio. This minergie twin villa consists of three bedrooms, including the master bedroom with dressing room and private balcony.
$795,000 CHF


ABOUT US

Our company and partners

Ursula Schürch from Advo-Consult and the experts from Wilderwyss and Questel can provide clients with qualified consultancy and expert legal advice for a wide range of corporate services. We have an extensive experience in several financial fields and in company formation matters. We are mainly focused on offering services to foreign investors in need of assistance when decided to set up businesses in Switzerland. With a long experience in this field, we have assisted investors across the world when starting a business in Switzerland and we can deliver our services to small or large businesses; we can also represent natural persons who want to register a business here or to expand their business operations in Switzerland.

Our company have main office in Zürich by the address Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zürich, Switzerland. Also we have representative offices:
Milan - Corso Europa, 15, 20122 Milano, Italy;
Vienna - Kärntner Ring 5/7, 1010 Wien, Austria;
München - Josephspitalstraße 15, 80331 München, Germany;
Marseille - Les Docks, 10 Pl. de la Joliette Atrium 10.6, 13002 Marseille, France;
CONTACTS
Mail: mail@rechtsanwaltandco.eu
Site: https://rechtsanwaltandco.eu/
Bleicherweg 10, 8002 Zürich Switzerland
